Hello everyone and welcome to your next riddle.
It's called hallway lockers.
You're in a hallway lined with 100 lockers and you start on your first pass and open up all the lockers
so that all the open lockers now have their doors open outwards so all 100 lockers are have been opened
on their first pass.
Then on your second pass you begin by closing every second locker.
Then you make a third pass.
And this is what you do on your third pass.
You go on every third locker and you close it.
If it's open or open it if it's close I will refer to this as toggling the lockers.
Then you continue toggling every nth locker unpassed number n.
So in your fourth pass you're going to go for every fourth blocker and then check if it's closed.
Open it if it's open you'll close it.
You'll toggle those lockers then on your fifth pass you'll go on every fifth locker and toggle those
after you pass 100 times in the hallway.
So your 100th pass and that includes your first pass free opened all the lockers in on your 100th pass
.
You're only going to toggle locker number 100.
So the question is after that Hunter pass how many of the lockers remain open.
All right.
This is a pretty hard riddle to solve and it's really just a math puzzle.
So keep that in mind.
And best of luck and I'll see if the next lecture